Fix #1861: do not use backslashes as path-separators in CSS links (#1862)
rstudio/rmarkdown: NEWS.md

    - New argument `lua_filters` in `pandoc_options()` to pass the Lua filter paths to use with a format. This allow output format authors to add filters for a custom format using the `pandoc` argument of `output_format()` and to get filters from a format using `fmt$pandoc$lua_filters`.
    - The Lua filters of an output format are now passed to Pandoc in `render()`. By default, they are passed to Pandoc before any other format-defined or user-defined Pandoc arguments (usually via the `pandoc_args` option of an output format). This ensures that filters of an output format are executed first. To change the default, you need to deal with it in a custom format (i.e., modify the elements in `fmt$pandoc$lua_filters`, such as reordering them).

> - Fix path separators for "css" parameters in YAML frontmatter for HTML files under Windows. Previously, these were converted to backslashes even if they appeared in the "css" (thanks, @jonathan-g, #1862)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the path separators for the `css` parameter in YAML frontmatter for HTML output files under Windows. Previously, forward slashes in `css` paths were converted to backslashes (thanks, @jonathan-g, #1862).
```
